mockprpl
(formerly nullprpl)
http://snarfed.org/space/gaim+mock+protocol+plugin

--------
OVERVIEW
--------
Mockprpl is a mock protocol plugin for Gaim. You can create accounts with
it, sign on and off, add buddies, and send and receive IMs, all without
connecting to a server!

Beyond that basic functionality, mockprpl supports presence and
away/available messages, offline messages, user info, typing notification,
privacy allow/block lists, chat rooms, whispering, room lists, and protocol
icons and emblems. Notable missing features are file transfer and account
registration and authentication.

Mockprpl is intended as an example of how to write a gaim protocol plugin.
It doesn't contain networking code or an event loop, but it does
demonstrate how to use the Gaim API to do pretty much everything a prpl
might need to do.

Mockprpl is also a useful tool for hacking on gaim itself. It's a
full-featured protocol plugin, but doesn't depend on an external server, so
it's a quick and easy way to exercise gaim and test new code. It also
allows you to work on gaim while you're disconnected.

-----------------------
BUILDING AND INSTALLING
-----------------------

The Makefile assumes that pkg-config(1) knows where the gaim headers are
installed, and that the libraries are installed in /usr/lib/gaim. If that's
not true, edit the LDFLAGS and INCLUDES variables to point to the headers and
libraries directly.

To build, just type make. To install, copy libmockprpl.so into your
~/.gaim/plugins directory. Then run gaim.

To build mockprpl on Windows (with Cygwin/MinGW), use Makefile.mingw, which was
generously contributed by Andrew Hart. It assumes the gaim source is installed
in the same directory as the mockprpl source; if it's not, modify the GAIM_TOP
variable.

-----
USAGE
-----
To add a mockprpl account, go to the account editor window and click Add.
Select Mockprpl from the protocol drop-down list, and enter any username you
want.

Now, use gaim like normal. You can add buddies, send IMs, set away messages,
etc. If you send IMs to your own username, they will be echoed back to you.

-------------------
COPYRIGHT & LICENSE
-------------------
Mockprpl is Copyright 2004-2007 Ryan Barrett, and is distributed under the
GPL. See the LICENSE file for more information.

